---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
background: grey
---

<div class="col-lg-12 text-center">
	<h2 class="section-heading text-uppercase">Privacy Policy</h2>
</div>

Last updated: February 03, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [TermsFeed](https://www.termsfeed.com).

## Interpretation and Definitions  
### Interpretation  

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions  

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

  * Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

  * Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

  * Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Cantu Lab, One Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616.

  * Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

  * Country refers to: California, United States

  * Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

  * Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

  * Service refers to the Website.

  * Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

  * Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

  * Website refers to cantulab.github.io, accessible from <https://cantulab.github.io/>

  * You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data  
### Types of Data Collected  

#### Personal Data  

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Usage Data

#### Usage Data  

The information we collect includes:
  * Log and Usage Data: Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"), and hardware settings).
  * Device Data: We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
  * Location Data: We collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device. However, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.

### Use of Your Personal Data  

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

  * For other purposes : We may use Your information for other purposes, such
    as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness
    of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service,
    products, services, marketing and your experience.


We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

When we use Google Analytics. We may share your information with Google Analytics to track and analyze the use of the Services. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across the Services, visit [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the [Google Privacy & Terms page](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

### Retention of Your Personal Data  

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary
for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your
Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations
(for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable
laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage
Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data
is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our
Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time
periods.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data  

#### Law enforcement  

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your
Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by
public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements  

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such
action is necessary to:

  * Comply with a legal obligation
  * Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
  * Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
  * Protect against legal liability

## Links to Other Websites  

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us.
If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's
site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You
visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy
policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy  

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.

## Contact Us  

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

  * By visiting this page on our website: <https://cantulab.github.io/contact>


